Petrichor Park

=== 1 ===

Ok honestly at this point, Instatoonz has made their bed and now they're gonna
have to lie in it.

In real life, I probably would do nothing. It's the easiest solution, and
doesn't get me in any trouble.

Assuming I am going to report it, I would probably defer this to someone else
first; I'd do a writeup or tech demo and send it to LiveOverflow or Deviant
Ollam or someone. I would make sure this is ANONYMOUS so I don't get in trouble.
Probably I'd want the /existence/ of the attack to be public knowledge, but
keep the implementation details secret so other people can't do it.

If I report it publically associated with my name then I'm in trouble either
way, whether it's from the government or Instatoonz' legal department, so I
don't think that the DMCA matters very much here. Even if discovering the bug
was OK under DMCA, the lawyers would find /something/ I'm in violation of,
or just sue me with little legal backing just to make my life hard. Lawyers
are nasty like that. I guess my MO is to do a public service by protecting
Instatoonz' customers. They should be able to make their own informed decision,
but they need to be /informed/.

Instatoonz has every legal right to be a dick and I would probably breaking the
law, but I'd be contributing to society and human well-being...

The situation changes if I'm a citizen of another country, because then I can
pull a maia arson crimew* and just report it anyways because the American legal
machine would have no power over me. We stay silly. (And that way, I can still
make some money via Patreon or something. Look, I have to pay the bills, ok?)

*The person who leaked the no-fly list.

=== 2 ===

Normally I shouldn't be allowed to work at a beer startup but I pulled a "well
I'm actually 22 in Korean years" during the interview and they bought it.

On the algorithm side, I think you can actually implement both of these without
any identity tracking.

The first feature can be implemented with a sliding window algorithm. Have
seven counter variables in a database for each brewery, and a cursor for the
"current day". Every time someone shows up to a brewery, increment the counter,
and make a cron job that moves the cursor and wipes the new "current day." Then
you can just sum all the counters to see how many people showed up in the
previous week. (This does double-count people who went multiple times, but I
think that's probably OK.)

The second feature, I don't think I can make an algorithm off the top of my
head but it strikes me that it's probably the same problem as privacy-
preserving Covid-19 contact tracing:
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgIg90cFRVw

Anyways let's assume it is possible to implement all this while storing no PII.

I really hate making decisions like this because I will agonize about it
forever and also hate presenting controversial ideas.* I would probably just put
forward my theories on how you could implement this with no PII storage and
(depending how comfortable I felt in the workplace) bring into question how
much money we would actually make from selling the location data and whether
that would break our company values.

... Although, my opinion of this is probably colored because the situation is
a company. When asked for anonymized usage statistics for indie projects, I
generally say yes, because I've been on the other side of it and know how
valuable these anonymized statistics can be. (I have it on for Factorio,
KDE Neon crashes, Minecraft Forge, ... and I'd kill to know where people get
stuck when playing through my Minecraft mods, for example.)

In short I don't know, and part of my goals in life are to tech up in a company
and get paid plenty /without/ having to make decisions like this.

*Yes I'm pretty rowdy in class, but I only say things that I know people will
laugh along with or otherwise be OK with.
